Add Account Settings page (#8672)
scalableminds/webknossos: unreleased_changes/8672.md

### Added

> - Added a new Account Settings page for managing user preferences, passeords and authentication methods. [#8672](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/8672)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new Account Settings page for managing user preferences, passwords and authentication methods.
```
